The Git workflow involves three key components: the working 
directory, the staging area, and the repository. Here's an 
explanation of how they fit together:

1. Working Directory:

- The working directory, also known as the working tree or working 
copy, is the directory on your local machine where you have a copy of 
the entire project's files and directories.

- It represents the current state of your project and includes all the 
files you're currently working on.
 
- You make changes, such as adding, modifying, or deleting files, 
directly in the working directory.


2. Staging Area (Index):

- The staging area, also referred to as the index, is an intermediate area between your working directory and the Git repository.

- When you make changes to files in your working directory, Git does 
not automatically track or commit those changes. Instead, you must 
explicitly choose which changes to include in the next commit by 
adding them to the staging area.

- The staging area serves as a place to review and prepare your 
changes before committing them. You can think of it as a "pre-commit 
checklist" where you decide what changes should be included in the 
upcoming commit.


3. Repository:

- The repository, also known as the Git repository or simply the repo, 
is where Git stores a complete history of your project, including all 
versions of files and the information about who made changes and when.

- It's essentially a database that stores your project's history and 
allows you to track changes, collaborate with others, and manage your 
codebase effectively.

- When you are satisfied with the changes you've staged in the staging area, you commit them to the repository.



The Git workflow typically involves the following steps:

- Modify Files: You make changes to files in your working directory.

- Stage Changes: After making changes, you use git add to stage the 
specific changes you want to include in the next commit.

- Commit Changes: You create a commit using git commit. This records 
the changes you staged, along with a descriptive commit message.

- Repeat: You continue this cycle as you work on your project. Each 
commit represents a point in your project's history, and you can 
easily move between them or compare different versions.